Update docs to set a clear "we are a new project" stance (#12)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

## maplibre-gl-js 1.13.0

### 🐞 Bug fixes

> - Fix a bug where mapbox-gl-js is no longer free software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where mapbox-gl-js is no longer licensed as open source, but we owe immeasurable gratitude to Mapbox for releasing all their initial code to the community under BSD-3 license.```

### 🐞 Bug fixes

- Fix a bug where mapbox-gl-js is no longer free software

> 

Author: 🙏🏽
